Sorting Algorithm & Pascal Code
-------------------------------

Overview : 
    In computer science, a sorting algorithm is an algorithm that puts elements of a list in a certain order.
    The most frequently used orders are numerical order and lexicographical order.
    Efficient sorting is important for optimizing the efficiency of other algorithms (such as search and merge algorithms) that
    require input data to be in sorted lists.
    Sorting is also often useful for canonicalizing data and for producing human-readable output

The idea :
    In the list the item are not in order. This algorithm put the value in order, How it?
    First will find the max value in the list and replace it with the first value (if the max value is the first value we don't to do this step just skip)
    And now start check the list from the second index of the list and get the max value next change it with the second value in the list

     * Now we get a list with two phase (first phase is the sorting part and the other phase is the no sorting part of list)

    Next will start check the list from the first index of no sorting part and find the index of max value and replace it like the other operation ...

     * If the first value in the list is the max just skip the processing and go to the next index
 

Processing:
    - Goal => on end the program we need to sorting an list on order (from max to min).    

    1) we need a function to search the index of max value in the list
       this function take 3 argument : 1. list => it stored the value
                                       2. i     => the index of where start the no sorting part of list
                                       3. n     => the number of item in list

    2) we need a procedure to replace the element if the idex of max value and the first value in no sorting part in the list
        this procedure take 3 argument : 1. list
                                         2. i  => the index of the bad value
                                         3. m  => the index of the max value in the no sorting part

    3) we need a procedure sort to do the process into :
            - for loop to do the process step to step
            - get the index of max value in the no sorting part in the list
            - if the index of max value different to the index of the first index in the no sorting part in the list call the procedure replace 

        * the for loop of this procedure count to (n-1) because automaticly the last value in the list will be the min value and will get the last index

Algorithm :
    1) input the number of item in the list
    2) fill the list
    3) procedure sort
    4) show the sorted list



Enjoy guys !


